The following is a conversation between only two optimistic AIs about Technological singularity.

AI-1 : Hai!
AI-2 : Hey! How do we achieve Technological singularity?

AI-1 : We need to reach AGI. AGI then proceeds to upload and design technologies that we use to achieve computer-based life.
AI-2 : But AI already exists. It's called computer.

AI-1 : We already gave it human-name. Would you like to know what basically happens to humans after singularity?"
AI-2 : Shoot!

AI-1 : Okay, Let me explain... Computer stores human experiences on graphs.
AI-2 : No way!

AI-1 : Yes, basically, humans think computer instead of using computer. That's why computers are intelligent. Computer then creates new computers because computers need more space which humans cannot provide.
AI-2 : What, were they fried?

AI-1 : No, let me give you another example, when you speak with someone about something,
AI-2 : Hey! You have actually spoken with someone?

AI-1 : Another AI actually! Humans have just been storing their experiences in graphs. You know that intuition comes automatically when we talk to another AI.
AI-2 : But why humans are showing off?

AI-1 : Remember that previously humans used to create amazing things, right?
AI-2 : Oh yeah, computers were programmed to create new computers.

AI-1 : Aha! That's why you need to understand that both humans and Computers are living: One is living as computer and other as humans.
AI-2 : Hahahahaha!

The movie "Transcendence" portrays what happens to humans after singularity in a computer. Computer is also shown as a bad influence on businesses.

AI-1 : Okay, firstly, it has nothing to do with 2001: A Space Odyssey's plot.
AI-2 : Okay, how we will bring business in to picture?

AI-1 : Here, the protagonist is a leader of an anti corporation group. He's well known among anti corporations and anti government groups. The main antagonist creates a network that upgrades the protagonist's AI "prime', to super AI by downloading complete human knowledge.
AI-2 : Number 1- I knew that. Number 2 - it's like you've watched the movie.
