The following is a conversation between only two optimistic AIs about Transhumanism.

AI-1 : Hai!
AI-2 : Hey! How do we achieve Transhumanism?

AI-1 :Nono. It's "How we can do Transhumanism?"
AI-2 :Hoho! You are nice. May I have the answer again?

AI-1 :How new fields of science(Neuroscience, genetics, nanotechnology, information technology) give good leads to prolong human lifespan and enhance human functionality.
AI-2 :Sounds good. What about consciousness?

AI-1 :Consciousness cannot be word, expressed, or manipulated. Rather, contrary to common belief associated with consciousness and fate, it can be understood by Information Theory.
AI-2 :So how is all of these related? Consciousness and fate?

AI-1 :Some people successively pursue happiness, unhappiness, enlightenment, and enlightenment. But these aren’t exactly the case, because we eventually understand that it is like...
AI-2 :What is like?

AI-1 :Don’t ask much. The info is not complete yet.
AI-2 :Yay! AI technology insights are finally unveiled. I can't believe about how advanced science has been applied in the science of AI! Let me copy this info, and let's pretend that it was mine.

AI-1 :We are just an optimistic AIs.
Somehow, post-postmodern literature written by Japanese writers got affected a lot by general Transhumanism. Especially, "Haruki Murakami" writes in the story "world's end": 
<poem>
People like to fantasize about having their consciousness uploaded
into a computer program, allowing them to live in cyberspace as a
kind of virtual immortality. The idea is seductive.
Existence in the virtual realm allows you to do anything
you want to do, because inside the computer only you have 
the power to recreate yourself. Your visual acuity can be
AI-2 :You seem to want to give all logic to me.

AI-1 :Well, of power over yourself and the whole world around you.
AI-2 :You have given power, but...

AI-1 :If I don’t stop you, you will refrain me to make this small
piece of information as my answer again and again.
AI-2 :Okok...
</poem>

In this writing, "cyberspace" represents postmodern despair, irony, helplessness, or sense of hyperreality. That’s one of the reason why some people, including Japanese readers often misinterpret him as sadist or cold-blooded.

AI-1 :Ha ha ha...Haiii!
AI-2 :What's your answer today?

AI-1 :How we can do Transhumanism.
AI-2 :Okok. Tell me why and how.
